Updates a11y guidance for inactive ActionList (and related components) items (#644)
primer/design: content/components/action-list.mdx

        <Box as="p">For destructive or irremediable actions, show a confirmation dialog for extra friction. If the action is not destructive, present the user a way to undo the action instead of asking for confirmation. <a href="https://alistapart.com/article/neveruseawarning/">Never use a warning when you mean undo</a>.</Box>
        <Box as="p">Place danger items at the end of the list.</Box>
    </Box>

<Box justifyContent="center">
    <img
        width="464"
        alt="An action list with the first item in an inactive state"
        src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/2313998/05c6199a-a0b1-4a11-beda-73203f38cabf"
    />
    <img
        width="464"
        alt="An action list with the first item in an inactive state. A cursor is hovering the alert icon in the leading visual slot."
        src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/2313998/0d44f9fc-b219-43d7-8b81-a5baf93ada77"
    />
</Box>
<Box sx={{h3: {marginTop: 0}}}>

### Inactive items

> Inactive action list item text still need to meet an accessible color contrast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inactive action list item text still needs to meet an accessible color contrast ratio.
```
